Configuration-broker: Make signed message support optional (#21)
CHERIoT-Platform/cheriot-demos: configuration_broker/README.md

{"led0":{"red":0,"green":40,"blue":40},"led1":{"red":50,"green":0,"blue":0}}
```

## Signed Message Support
The sonata demo can be compiled to support signed MQTT messages

```
xmake config --IPv6=n --system-id=MySonata --MQTT_Signed=true --sdk=/cheriot-tools/ -P .
```
In this case all configuration messages must carry a valid signature, and all status messages wil be signed.

> _Note: Signing support is being activelydeveloped as part of the DSbD TAP program. Currently it depend on keys being compiled into the build from provider/keys, and we are still working to provide an extanal signing toolm hopefully as part of [CyberChef](https://gchq.github.io/CyberChef/)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: Signing support is being actively developed as part of the DSbD TAP program. Currently it depend on keys being compiled into the build from `provider/keys`, and we are still working to provide an external signing tool, hopefully as part of [CyberChef](https://gchq.github.io/CyberChef/)_
```

> [^init] Yet. See https://github.com/CHERIoT-Platform/cheriot-rtos/issues/275

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^init]: Yet. See https://github.com/CHERIoT-Platform/cheriot-rtos/issues/275
```
I just realised this is a formatting mistake I introduced. Would you mind fixing it while you're here?
